All right so we got our contact page almost done.
We need to clean it up a little bit and make sure that all the information there is good before we upload
it to the server.
Right.
So I hope that you are having some fun because this is some fun stuff that we're learning.
All right.
So on the subject line here I notice that I've put a left email there and I pasted it.
Let me change it to têtes.
Let's make sure they actually is empty.
What else will we need.
Let's say all we need to clean this up a little bit so let's just take all this out of all these code.
Whoops.
Leave some of those variables there.
All right.
So got to leave it like this here.
We're going to have the two variable we are going to have a subject variable and we are also going to
have a body variable.
All right.
Let me just put this here.
We are also so we have to this.
This is where we're going to be putting Actually our e-mail address in the mail function.
So we had it.
We're going to have a string.
We our e-mail address here support that when ideas come and I'm just going to put this here for now
and later on.
I'm going explain to you to you some more about a malfunction how it works and the subject we're going
to bring the subject from the forum and we're also going to be in the body.
All right.
So you got to leave it like this.
And the rest.
And we're going to do it on line.
So right now let's see this.
Let's go to our server on line and let's go to our root directory whatever you have your application.
I have it on this folder.
I'm gonna overload that contact page so I'm going to choose the dugs mass and the contact page should
be around here somewhere.
There we go.
Perfect.
That should be there somewhere if we refresh your mess.
Now the contact page is here.
Now let's check to see if it is working on our site.
So I'm going to see gold actually doing cold's not called school.
That's my other web site called College com right and see a mass contact center.
Whoops.
See a miss contact that BHP.
Oops there we go.
All right.
That's some other Web site that I'm building there and another project I got for people that want to
learn how to make dynamic web sites with no coding.
So that's a war press corps that I got but anyway so now we got a form that is working here the next
step would be to add in the
navigation right here right.
So let's go into that.
Let's go to our panel right now and let's go to our navigation right.
So this is in let's go back.
Should be actually in the room there or somewhere here includes a navigation.
So here let's call this one here if I remember correctly.
Should be here somewhere and registration and admin perfit So right after this.
I'm going to copy this and I'm going to say contact page right here.
Contact up.
Whoops.
Contact
save.
All right.
Now you can see that in this context.
I'm going to go to the BHB category here but if I go to contact.
We are on the Contact page.
All right.
So in the next lecture I am going to show you all right how to send e-mails.
So see you then.
Take care and have fun.